README.md, before:

# Awesome RCE techniques

<p align="center">
  Awesome list of techniques to achieve Remote Code Execution (RCE) on various apps!
  <br>
  <img alt="Number of RCE techniques" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/techniques-22-brightgreen">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=podalirius_" title="Follow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/podalirius_?label=Podalirius&style=social"></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/Podalirius_?sub_confirmation=1" title="Subscribe"><img alt="YouTube Channel Subscribers" src="https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCF_x5O7CSfr82AfNVTKOv_A?style=social"></a>
  <br>
</p>

## Goal of this project

The goal of this project is to provide an OpenSource knowledge database of all the techniques to achieve Remote Code Execution (RCE) on various applications. All of these techniques also comes with a test environnement (usually a Docker image) for you to train these techniques.

## Techniques


 - [Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/)
   + [**Drupal**: (3 techniques)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Drupal/)
   + [**FuelCMS**: (1 technique)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/FuelCMS/)
   + [**Joomla**: (1 technique)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Joomla/)
   + [**SweetRice**: (2 techniques)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/SweetRice/)
   + [**Typo3**: (1 technique)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Typo3/)
   + [**Wordpress**: (3 techniques)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Wordpress/)


 - [Frameworks](./Frameworks/)
   + [**JBoss**: (1 technique)](./Frameworks/JBoss/)
   + [**JoGet**: (1 technique)](./Frameworks/JoGet/)
   + [**Tomcat**: (2 techniques)](./Frameworks/Tomcat/)
   + [**WildFly**: (1 technique)](./Frameworks/WildFly/)


 - [Learning-Management-Systems-(LMS)](./Learning-Management-Systems-(LMS)/)
   + [**Moodle**: (1 technique)](./Learning-Management-Systems-(LMS)/Moodle/)


 - [Other](./Other/)
   + [**GiTea**: (1 technique)](./Other/GiTea/)
   + [**Gitlab**: (1 technique)](./Other/Gitlab/)
   + [**Jenkins**: (1 technique)](./Other/Jenkins/)
   + [**LimeSurvey**: (1 technique)](./Other/LimeSurvey/)
   + [**PHP**: (1 technique)](./Other/PHP/)



## Troubleshooting

Report all the issues on https://github.com/p0dalirius/Awesome-RCE-techniques/issues.

## Contributors

Pull requests are welcome. Feel free to open an issue if you want to add other Remote Code Execution (RCE) techniques.

Commit message:

Added work_in_progress techniques

README.md, after:

# Awesome RCE techniques

<p align="center">
  Awesome list of techniques to achieve Remote Code Execution (RCE) on various apps!
  <br>
  <img alt="Number of RCE techniques" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/techniques-22-brightgreen">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=podalirius_" title="Follow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/podalirius_?label=Podalirius&style=social"></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/Podalirius_?sub_confirmation=1" title="Subscribe"><img alt="YouTube Channel Subscribers" src="https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCF_x5O7CSfr82AfNVTKOv_A?style=social"></a>
  <br>
</p>

## Goal of this project

The goal of this project is to provide an OpenSource knowledge database of all the techniques to achieve Remote Code Execution (RCE) on various applications. All of these techniques also comes with a test environnement (usually a Docker image) for you to train these techniques.

## Techniques


 - [Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/)
   + [**Drupal**: (3 techniques)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Drupal/)
   + [**FuelCMS**: (1 technique)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/FuelCMS/)
   + [**Joomla**: (1 technique)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Joomla/)
   + [**SweetRice**: (2 techniques)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/SweetRice/)
   + [**Typo3**: (1 technique)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Typo3/)
   + [**Wordpress**: (3 techniques)](./Content-Management-Systems-(CMS)/Wordpress/)


 - [Frameworks](./Frameworks/)
   + [**JBoss**: (1 technique)](./Frameworks/JBoss/)
   + [**JoGet**: (1 technique)](./Frameworks/JoGet/)
   + [**Tomcat**: (2 techniques)](./Frameworks/Tomcat/)
   + [**WildFly**: (1 technique)](./Frameworks/WildFly/)


 - [Learning-Management-Systems-(LMS)](./Learning-Management-Systems-(LMS)/)
   + [**Moodle**: (1 technique)](./Learning-Management-Systems-(LMS)/Moodle/)


 - [Other](./Other/)
   + [**GiTea**: (1 technique)](./Other/GiTea/)
   + [**Gitlab**: (1 technique)](./Other/Gitlab/)
   + [**Jenkins**: (1 technique)](./Other/Jenkins/)
   + [**LimeSurvey**: (1 technique)](./Other/LimeSurvey/)
   + [**PHP**: (1 technique)](./Other/PHP/)



## Work in progress

These techniques are a work in progress. You can help us finish them by opening a pull request!


 - [Frameworks](./Frameworks/)
   + 🔧 [**JBoss**: JBoss - Upload a plugin](./Frameworks/JBoss/Upload-a-plugin/)

   + 🔧 [**Tomcat**: Apache Tomcat - CVE-2017-12615 - PUT a jsp file](./Frameworks/Tomcat/CVE-2017-12615_-_PUT_a_jsp_file/)

   + 🔧 [**WildFly**: WildFly - Deploy an Application](./Frameworks/WildFly/Deploy-an-application/)


 - [Other](./Other/)
   + 🔧 [**PHP**: PHP 8.1.0-dev - 'User-Agentt' Remote Code Execution](./Other/PHP/PHP-8.1.0-dev-User-Agentt-RCE/)



## Troubleshooting

Report all the issues on https://github.com/p0dalirius/Awesome-RCE-techniques/issues.

## Contributors

Pull requests are welcome. Feel free to open an issue if you want to add other Remote Code Execution (RCE) techniques.
